feat: Add database test and sync tasks (#1)
cloud-gov/pages-bot: README.md

### Syncing Pages info to airtable

Airtable is used to manage, aggregate, and view disparate data streams in cloud.gov. The `syncAirtableBase` task runs daily to sync our Pages platfrom data with our cloud.gov Airtable base. This "upserts" data from Pages to the base to avoid duplicate data entries while providing the latest information to date. This task only runs in production since we only need to sync from the production environment.

### Verify database queries

> The `veriyDBQueries` task runs in each environment on every update to verify the database connection is valid the the results schema is as expecte. This task is used to provide added confidence with updates since the `syncAirtableBase` task only runs in production and rely's on the database queries.

Reviewer: "the the" -> "for the"?

> The `veriyDBQueries` task runs in each environment on every update to verify the database connection is valid the the results schema is as expecte. This task is used to provide added confidence with updates since the `syncAirtableBase` task only runs in production and rely's on the database queries.

Reviewer 2: Flagging a few other typos in this passage. I left the "the the ... is as" section that Drew asked about alone because I'm not 100% sure what's intended.
```suggestion
The `verifyDBQueries` task runs in each environment on every update to verify the database connection is valid the the results schema is as expected. This task is used to provide added confidence with updates since the `syncAirtableBase` task only runs in production and relies on the database queries.
```
